README.md, before:

# correlaid-utils
This repository contains utility tools for CorrelAid.

## mailchimp-welcomemail
This folder contains the code to automatically send out the welcome email to new subscribers to our newsletter once a day. 

### How does it work?
All the code resides on a raspberry pi which is located in @friep's flat. The individual steps are all wrapped in a bash file (runscripts.sh) that executes the scripts in their order. This bash file itself is scheduled to run each night on the raspberry pi using cronjobs. 

The scripts are in the order they are executed by runscripts.sh: 
1. get_new_subs.R: query the Mailchimp API for our newsletter subscriber list and write newly subscribed users to a temporary csv file.
2. send_mails.py: read in the temporary file and send out mails to the newly subscribed users by connecting to our mail server.
3. send_logs.py: send log files to @friep's correlaid address.

## correlaid-analytics
Code to get twitter follower, facebook likes, newsletter subscriber count and general network data on a daily basis. Data from Mondays are uploaded to the FTP Server of the website in order to be visualised. Daily data are uploaded each day to a MongoDB hosted on mlab.com.

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit 21ba8ad2363a82652327b128bc3c518e2f633e88
Author: Frie <fr1e@pm.me>
Date:   Sat Nov 14 13:38:21 2020 +0100

    add r history to gitignore

commit 1ed5a5b4416beab950bcc1313ae6bc2f8fab1b22
Author: Frie <fr1e@pm.me>
Date:   Wed Sep 23 11:33:29 2020 +0200

    update readme

commit 5c33dd0b8036cbfc231362fafcbd483f7943df3f
Author: Frie <fr1e@pm.me>
Date:   Wed Sep 23 11:33:06 2020 +0200

    remove data

commit 4ecb4cd5d4d436f8c7c7d92ea7933916bbb21eae
Author: Frie <fr1e@pm.me>
Date:   Wed Sep 23 10:28:28 2020 +0200

    Update README.md

commit 7e03e1d9fa63165381087055be244f466e9d40a4
Author: Frie <fr1e@pm.me>
Date:   Wed Sep 23 10:25:53 2020 +0200

    Update README.md

commit 9adc87f558870f2aab74e47410ab1039a4b9de9e
Author: Friedrike Preu <friedrike.preu@codecentric.de>
Date:   Mon Apr 23 08:53:40 2018 +0200

    delete old code

README.md, after:

# correlaid-utils
This repository contains utility tools for CorrelAid.

:warning: This repository is very outdated! Code was developed by [Frie](https://github.com/friep) back in 2017 but has not been actively used / maintained since 2018. The repository was solely open sourced for the purpose of Frie's talk at the [Open Online Data Meetup](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/the-lazy-data-scientist-automating-things-feat-r-python-aws-and-a-pi-registration-121498787143). :warning: 

## mailchimp-welcomemail
This folder contains the code to automatically send out the welcome email to new subscribers to our newsletter once a day. 

### How does it work?
All the code resides on a raspberry pi which is located in @friep's flat. The individual steps are all wrapped in a bash file (runscripts.sh) that executes the scripts in their order. This bash file itself is scheduled to run each night on the raspberry pi using cronjobs. 

The scripts are in the order they are executed by runscripts.sh: 
1. get_new_subs.R: query the Mailchimp API for our newsletter subscriber list and write newly subscribed users to a temporary csv file.
2. send_mails.py: read in the temporary file and send out mails to the newly subscribed users by connecting to our mail server.
3. send_logs.py: send log files to @friep's correlaid address.

## correlaid-analytics
Code to get twitter follower, facebook likes, newsletter subscriber count and general network data on a daily basis. Data from Mondays are uploaded to the FTP Server of the website in order to be visualised. Daily data are uploaded each day to a MongoDB hosted on mlab.com.
